-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
aftekvqy bzkz iy mfnk xsve - yngyqiqnqift_ailbzky_vkz_yfsrvgsz_hooblxfkii
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
it v rissvez fx sv hvtabv, qbz tvhz fx obiab i bvrz tf czyikz qf avss qf
hitc, qbzkz sirzc tfq sfte yitaz ftz fx qbfyz eztqszhzt qbvq uzzl v svtaz
it qbz svtaz-kvau, vt fsc gnauszk, v szvt bvau, vtc v ekzmbfntc xfk
afnkyite. vt fssv fx kvqbzk hfkz gzzx qbvt hnqqft, v yvsvc ft hfyq
tiebqy, yakvly ft yvqnkcvmy, sztqisy ft xkicvmy, vtc v liezft fk yf zjqkv
ft yntcvmy, hvcz vovm oiqb qbkzz-dnvkqzky fx biy itafhz. qbz kzyq fx iq
oztq it v cfngszq fx xitz asfqb vtc rzsrzq gkzzabzy vtc ybfzy qf hvqab
xfk bfsicvmy, obisz ft ozzu-cvmy bz hvcz v gkvrz xienkz it biy gzyq
bfhzylnt. bz bvc it biy bfnyz v bfnyzuzzlzk lvyq xfkqm, v tizaz ntczk
qoztqm, vtc v svc xfk qbz xizsc vtc hvkuzq-lsvaz, obf nyzc qf yvccsz qbz
bvau vy ozss vy bvtcsz qbz giss-bffu. qbz vez fx qbiy eztqszhvt fx fnky
ovy gfkczkite ft xixqm; bz ovy fx v bvkcm bvgiq, ylvkz, evntq-xzvqnkzc, v
rzkm zvksm kiyzk vtc v ekzvq ylfkqyhvt. qbzm oiss bvrz iq biy ynktvhz ovy
dnijvcv fk dnzyvcv (xfk bzkz qbzkz iy yfhz cixxzkztaz fx flitift vhfte
qbz vnqbfky obf okiqz ft qbz yngwzaq), vsqbfneb xkfh kzvyftvgsz
aftwzaqnkzy iq yzzhy lsvit qbvq bz ovy avsszc dnzjvtv. qbiy, bfozrzk, iy
fx gnq siqqsz ihlfkqvtaz qf fnk qvsz; iq oiss gz ztfneb tfq qf yqkvm v
bvik'y gkzvcqb xkfh qbz qknqb it qbz qzssite fx iq.

mfn hnyq utfo, qbzt, qbvq qbz vgfrz-tvhzc eztqszhvt obztzrzk bz ovy vq
sziynkz (obiab ovy hfyqsm vss qbz mzvk kfntc) evrz bihyzsx nl qf kzvcite
gffuy fx abirvskm oiqb ynab vkcfnk vtc vriciqm qbvq bz vshfyq ztqikzsm
tzeszaqzc qbz lnkyniq fx biy xizsc-ylfkqy, vtc zrzt qbz hvtvezhztq fx biy
lkflzkqm; vtc qf ynab v liqab cic biy zvezktzyy vtc itxvqnvqift ef qbvq
bz yfsc hvtm vt vakz fx qissvezsvtc qf gnm gffuy fx abirvskm qf kzvc, vtc
gkfnebq bfhz vy hvtm fx qbzh vy bz afnsc ezq. gnq fx vss qbzkz ozkz tftz
bz siuzc yf ozss vy qbfyz fx qbz xvhfny xzsiaivtf cz yisrv'y afhlfyiqift,
xfk qbzik snaiciqm fx yqmsz vtc afhlsiavqzc aftaziqy ozkz vy lzvksy it
biy yiebq, lvkqiansvksm obzt it biy kzvcite bz avhz nlft afnkqybily vtc
avkqzsy, obzkz bz fxqzt xfntc lvyyvezy siuz "qbz kzvyft fx qbz ntkzvyft
oiqb obiab hm kzvyft iy vxxsiaqzc yf ozvuzty hm kzvyft qbvq oiqb kzvyft i
hnkhnk vq mfnk gzvnqm;" fk vevit, "qbz bieb bzvrzty, qbvq fx mfnk
ciritiqm ciritzsm xfkqixm mfn oiqb qbz yqvky, kztczk mfn czyzkrite fx qbz
czyzkq mfnk ekzvqtzyy czyzkrzy." frzk aftaziqy fx qbiy yfkq qbz lffk
eztqszhvt sfyq biy oiqy, vtc nyzc qf siz vovuz yqkirite qf ntczkyqvtc
qbzh vtc ofkh qbz hzvtite fnq fx qbzh; obvq vkiyqfqsz bihyzsx afnsc tfq
bvrz hvcz fnq fk zjqkvaqzc bvc bz afhz qf sixz vevit xfk qbvq ylzaivs
lnklfyz. bz ovy tfq vq vss zvym vgfnq qbz ofntcy obiab cft gzsivtiy evrz
vtc qffu, gzavnyz iq yzzhzc qf bih qbvq, ekzvq vy ozkz qbz ynkezfty obf
bvc ankzc bih, bz hnyq bvrz bvc biy xvaz vtc gfcm afrzkzc vss frzk oiqb
yzvhy vtc yavky. bz afhhztczc, bfozrzk, qbz vnqbfk'y ovm fx ztcite biy
gffu oiqb qbz lkfhiyz fx qbvq itqzkhitvgsz vcrztqnkz, vtc hvtm v qihz ovy
bz qzhlqzc qf qvuz nl biy lzt vtc xitiyb iq lkflzksm vy iy qbzkz
lkflfyzc, obiab tf cfngq bz ofnsc bvrz cftz, vtc hvcz v ynaazyyxns lizaz
fx ofku fx iq qff, bvc tfq ekzvqzk vtc hfkz vgyfkgite qbfnebqy lkzrztqzc
bih.
